so here we have the new 2013 hyundai
elantra GT this expands on the lineup
for the launch of cube in the sedan
that's actually a rebadged hyundai i30
from europe which is actually a very
good selling car I've been the font we
have this projector beam headlamps
the barge grill that's one also has fog
lights has these alloy wheels chrome
accents on the inside of the spokes
turn signals integrate into the bottom
of the muse is also silicon accent among
the bottom of the windows three
curvaceous lines on this vehicle coming
onto the back have exact I've uniquely
taillights
on the inside of the elantra GT this one
has is optional leather seats with
perforations here throughout the malach
also have a leather wrap steering wheel
but i'll give you audio controls
Bluetooth and cruise control here along
the door apparently has a silver painted
plastic accent kind of going around
everything also all your home years I
relax our window controls are located
right here it's also our mother stitch
and so I padded armrests also you have
this first stitching on the shroud above
the gauges
this one has an am/fm stereo with CD
player of a smaller display screen but
it'd be very functional gloss black trim
throughout the center stack well if your
climate control is located right here
you have your different zones grand
speed as well as the temperature
medicine has the fantastic 6-speed
manual transmission the luggage stick
shift speed it's a bit clunky the floors
are a bit long but so it's very easy to
feel exactly what here you're going into
now flu fish is a push up on the bottom
portion all the way open up just place
your to couple is located right here
your central unrest in search console
coming into the back of the elantra GT
you can see the segment of seeds folds
to create a completely flat load floor
and you can see the seat back and it
folds up and then the sea-bottom folds
up and the thought is see back and it
falls down flat
what so this one comes with it Oh Ingrid
you also have a solid rear spoiler along
the back through LED brake light
okay we have a fairly deep club box it's
slightly dampened but it's not lined
anything the side to kind of thin but
overall I think the interior design is
actually fairly nice in here see ya
quite quite an improvement over the
regular elantra in my opinion under the
hood of the elantra GT we have a 1.8
litre dual overhead cam 16-valve inline
4 cylinder engine with direct injection
this one is paired to a 6-speed manual
transmission there's also a six-speed
Automatic available so they would have
mr. court look at the hyundai elantra GT
you